== README

v0.0.0 3/31/15
  [ ]Initialized the Rails application from scratch. Created a repository on Github and created a README file.
  
Dependencies:
Ruby Version 2.2.1
Rails Version 4.2.1

===================

Group Project Memo

Purpose

This web application will be a center for verifying quotes made by historical people. Webgoers can 
create accounts and then add quotes to the website. They will also be able to save and share quotes 
with other users using the web application. Commenting on quotes will be a key feature for this web 
application, adding to the social networking experience.

The end goal is becoming the pre-eminent website for sourcing quotes made by famous people. We hope 
to include a unique tagging citation that users can use to link quotes directly to our site. The idea 
is to give people a quick and easy way to fact check quotes. Just like how Wikipedia sources its 
information through its users, we will follow the same model, trusting that users will interact 
in the same spirit as Wikipedia. It would be run by a community and moderated by the community, 
and would force people to verify the credibility of the quotes that they post.

Scope

The web app can be used by anyone who has an internet connection. The website will only contain quotes 
by well-known people or quotes that are ubiquitous. The technologies we will use for this web application 
are Ruby on Rails for the backend, Bootstrap, Javascript, and Jquery for the client side. We will use third 
party gems to perform common but important tasks such as logging users in, creating forms, connecting to 
social networking sites, etc.

Group Members:

Michael Lee, Zachary Klima, Dennis Toppel
